Add note about WAC -> INIL (#265)
FamilySearch/GEDCOM: specification/gedcom-03-datamodel.md

#### `INIL` (Initiatory, Latter-Day Saint) `g7:INIL`

A [Latter-Day Saint Ordinance](#latter-day-saint-ordinances).

> See also `LDS_INDIVIDUAL_ORDINANCE`.  Previously, GEDCOM versions 3.0 through 5.3 called this `WAC`,
> but FamilySearch GEDCOM 7.0 renames it to `INIL` for consistency with `BAPL`, `CONL`, and `ENDL`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See also `LDS_INDIVIDUAL_ORDINANCE`.  Previously, GEDCOM versions 3.0 through 5.3 called this `WAC`; it was not part of 5.4 through 5.5.1.
FamilySearch GEDCOM 7.0 reintroduced it with the name `INIL` for consistency with `BAPL`, `CONL`, and `ENDL`.
```
